be coming to work on a very hot day your
thinking is the power grid gonna hold up
and if it fails what our emergency
generators that will everything hold up
there is so much connected in these
buildings automated vehicles moving
supplies it's devastating to a facility
like this to lose your normal power the
system that keeps everything going is
our electrical distribution system
without that all of this ceases to
function critical power is needed to
maintain life safety equipment and that
is supplied by backup diesel generators
in case the grid blacks out the
equipment has redundancy built into it
to ensure that the power is always there
for the patient when they need it but
you don't want to do is be able to plug
them into an outlet and there's no power
that's not a good thing to happen here
in the hospital being an academic
medical center we tend to receive the
most critically ill patients and the
most difficult diseases that are out
there the caregiver came to her job or
his job if the equipment isn't
functioning there are 10,000 people that
work at this academic medical center
everything we do here is an impact on
the metropolitan area we have to conduct
a series of tests and have them
witnessed by the city of Chicago in the
state of Illinois the key test is called
the blackout test you basically drop the
normal power coming into the building
and you measure the amount of time it
takes to get the emergency power system
up and running
we first turned on the emergency powers
we were around 14 16 second range but
currently with the loss of utility power
these generators will start within seven
seconds this is the emergency power
control room this is our control center
for the entire emergency system on the
campus on the G control panel here I'm
able to monitor the higher Jhene
on the 80s we've had a long-standing
relationship with GE there's a trust
between GE and rush on the systems of GE
supplies and maintains emergency power
systems are applicable to all different
types of industries it's not just
hospitals in hospitals you just have
some different regulations we're
literally saving lives young but even if
that's not what you do whatever your
functionality of your business or
company is it's critical to you so you
need reliable power you need reliable GE
equipment